What laughed
Is not it'll set Kinoko'
I 'm a king of voice
Do not worry
Oh I Do not sit down I'm your incorporation hope Well
Release test result announcement from Republican month middle school
There are also transfer exams from other junior high schools like ours, so it's red right I'm 4 baked in Nikaido
The impression is a French restaurant
Also I cuisine killing of'm my parents' house Do's odd-even
Maybe not a cow
He who is over there is a restaurant Tottori that is deployed nationwide
We are impressed 12 fresh fish wholesalers
Little
Those of most such as the thoroughbred of food industry to be here
Your house is I'm I say
Shinano go I Yukihira
Mr. restaurant says yes
There is such a big store there
Then Well I'm set meal shop located in the town
Introduction
If the vulgar ordinary people are this bust, it is different
I often hear this is not a good place for ordinary people to come
Tidal current that only those living in the tide of food are allowed to learn
It is here ten soil work cuisine music
It dropped a you of vulgar travel document review basis, such as
The texture's rate Wow write a depression in the habit Ne children ate in Yukihira
Hmm
The nature of the sandals performed by a bowl of a set restaurant
There is a limit to the time being is I will Minohodoshirazu
This office building from the point where you can think ahead
Also it's kind of spatula likely guy let you see
Na and perhaps I Abe
Hopeful people of transfer
My name is Naturie Rina and I have been 12 real transfer exams .
Big
Hmm